Design an Animal World app that will simulate animal life in different continents of the globe. 
                  

   In the application, the entire animal world will be divided into: 
                                 PREPARATORS and Predators (abstract classes).  
Add a “eat” method to the abstract class “predator”, which will accept an object “herbivore” (a pointer to the abstract class). 
The inheritors of the class “Continent”, will create concrete objects with names and functions specific to their flora and fauna. 
All processes in the program will be managed by the “animal world” class (client).
 The concrete objects are:
 ∙ Continent (Continent) - an abstract class 
o Africa - concrete descendant class; 
o North America - concrete descendant class;
∙ Herbivore - abstract class; 
o Gnu Antelope (Wildebeest) - concrete descendant class;
♣ Weight - a property of a herbivore;
 ♣ Eat grass - a method of a specific class (adds +10 to weight); 
♣ Life - property of the animal (characterizes whether the creature is alive or not); 
o Bison - a specific descendant class;
 ♣ Weight - property of an herbivore;
 ♣ Eat grass - specific class method (adds +10 to weight);
 ♣ Life - property of an animal (characterizes whether the creature is alive or not); 
∙ Carnivore is an abstract class; 
o Lion (Lion) - a concrete descendant class;
♣ Power - a property of a carnivore; 
♣ Eat herbivore (Eat) - A product-specific method that checks whether the carnivore's strength is greater than the weight of the herbivore it eats. If it is, the carnivore gains +10 to Strength, otherwise, if the strength is less than the weight of the herbivore, the carnivore's strength is reduced by -10. 
o Wolf (Wolf) - Specific Product;
 ♣ Power is a property of the carnivore; 
 ♣ Eat Herbivore - A method for a specific product that checks if the carnivore's Strength is greater than the weight of the herbivore it eats. If it is, the carnivore gains +10 to Strength, otherwise, if the strength is less than the weight of the herbivore, the carnivore's strength is reduced by -10. 
∙ Animal World - Client;
 o Meals herbivores (Meals herbivores) - client method that initiates all herbivores to start feeding;
 	o Nutrition carnivores - client method that will cause all carnivores to hunt herbivores.
